
Okay. 

Alkos could be easier

Mann + Hummel CSV - sort and order 

Mann + Hummel - 1.4.5 - RX - there will be an extra box to tick 
Next few steps - 

How do we do this? 
If there's an SI-S coupled with an SIA and SIC then group

So first input every file you want on that entry - 
Get as much information from the invoice as possible. Add the invoice number to each item

1. The process will be - add your files to the folder - so download them first add them to the folder with the scripts
2 . type cmd in the top bar
3. python script.py add each subsequent file into the command line - don't miss any
4. delete the files afterwards? create a new folder 



0. look out for Canopies which are declared as their own item - (add this after all is done)
TODO - support multiple files more simply in CLI
ALWAYS CHECK THE RESULTS BEFORE MOVING FORWARDS

add -y will accept all as blank apart from the currency
currency will always be prompted for at the beginning

// the more information we can add the better
// any data used for RX template can be added here 
0.1 - CLI interface - prompt - ask for currency -
add a  for reference for the worksheet
we could potentially add all the data here if we wanted 
vehicle number
consignor short code 
consignee short code

ADD LIC 99 to every item 

if left blank you can leave them all blank 

if GBP do nothing - if OTHER add exchange rate and convert by that number, simple
will there be anything else? I think that's the only one
anyway if there's anything else add it after

1. input files - CLI - one file each time - MAGIC Williams folder
2. analyse each of the invoices one by one and save the data from each one
3. 
4. If the invoice is an SI- A - extract the kg, total value and information from the trailers
5. Same for SI- C, store that information somewhere - hopefully in a table somewhere
6. If SI-S detected, logic is already complete - so append that to the table if necessary
7. consolidate the information - (should only be SI-A and SI-C ) - this info will be on the first line, (add canopies as well)
8. So we have created a table that we will now output to a new CSV file
9. RX file will be the default here. We can have two options - normal CSV or RX CSV
9.1 - Add LIC99, other small details to make the process simpler

// we don't actually need the short codes but - the short code for IWT and IFORWILLI
// could already be in the program so the short code is already filled out there
// the goal is to add as much information as possible to the RX worksheet as possible. 

// where we will also save time is knowing that we don't have to check anything because the item values
// will be the same as what the invoice states

// we also need to calculate the total packages for the extra two columns and header packages
// that should be everything. 
// I'll add the extra logic when I need it later on. 
// this should really be everything. I'm almost done. 

Extras: 
10. If the program detects the provided RX file will have an extra row where the INV trailers will be created with 
// also needs another short code IWT for this to work - we'll do that later 

If we also add an INV file then we should add a new line with a new reference - this is possible but maybe unnecessary
lets leave this one for now, if you want to create a second thing then run the program again. keep it simple. 

split that into four 

